Martin Packaging Metrics review by Pedro Reis 58751

The definitions of afferent couplings, efferent couplings, abstractness, distance from main sequence are very well explained but the analysis provided has some errors. For example, in the afferent couplings (Ca) the average is actually 312.89 and not 0 since you said the most classes are independent and that is false, most of them are dependent but they are still inside of the ideal range that goes from 0 to 500. In the efferent couplings most of the classes depend on outside classes and the average is actually 317.67, this value is really high and is outside the ideal range of 0 to 20. This indicates instability of a package, and any change of the numerous external classes can cause the need for changes in the package which means problems with care and development of code. In the abstractness there are some ortographic mistakes that are easily fixed, but it should be better explained. The abstractness is related to the instability, so if packages are stable with instability close to 0, abstractness should be close to 1, and the other way around for packages that are unstable, so for instability close to 1, abstractness should be close to 0. In the data collected by our metrics, our instability average is 0,5 which would mean our abstractness would be close to 0,5 but it is instead very close to 0 since it has an average of 0,06 meaning that our instability should be higher, close to 1 or the abstractness should be higher but this wouldn't be good because the abstractness should be close to 0 or 1. For the instability, our average is 0,5 and this is outside the ideal range of 0 to 0,3 or 0,7 to 1 because packages should be either very stable or unstable and we should avoid packages of intermediate stability like ours. Regarding the distance from main sequence, our average is 0,32 which is decent but it could be lower in order to balance the difference between our abstractness and our instability. Like I already said, for our value of abstractness our instability should be higher because it is the parameter which is outside the ideal range. In conclusion, the easiest way to fix our packages would be to increase the instability by increasing even further our Ce (outgoing dependencies) value. This way our instability would be close to 1 and our abstractness would be close to 0 so the diff would be also close to 0. This means our packages would be easy to change.